azurerm_local_network_gateway: support for `gateway_fqdn` (#8998)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/local_network_gateway.html.markdown

* `location` - (Required) The location/region where the local network gateway is
    created. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `address_space` - (Required) The list of string CIDRs representing the
    address spaces the gateway exposes.

* `bgp_settings` - (Optional) A `bgp_settings` block as defined below containing the
    Local Network Gateway's BGP speaker settings.
    

> * `gateway_address` - (Optional) The IP address of the gateway to which to
>     connect.

Reviewer: grammer
```suggestion
* `gateway_address` - (Optional) The gateway IP address to connect with.
```

> * `gateway_fqdn` - (Optional) The FQDN of the gateway to which to
>     connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `gateway_fqdn` - (Optional) The gateway FQDN to connect with.
```
